alright it's gonna be my last game of
invasion it's been pretty interesting
first trust rub
scroll
what the fuck okay I completely sidestep
yet against full damage now that I could
do there I completely walked around the
corner of the stairs so wouldn't hit me
at all and it is full damage yes
Oh jack
everyone's going for Bravo
navigation guilty to Bravo well what are
you gonna do you know I tried to defend
alpha by myself and they couldn't do
anything to Bravo because they suck dick
of course oh fucking course Wow
well I'm not even getting a chance to
help this is serious bullshit
what the fuck Wow well guess what we're
losing I seems to me absolutely nothing
useful alpha under attack
I spawn I die of course
everyone in person
what the fuck sure that was a random for
a whole truth excellent but the content
escape do I have any teammate or they'll
just fucking standing there doing
nothing
grenade where is it if all kids don't
focus for me come on the the fuck
so gorge walk
I
philippa do
Hey look an idiot
try to fucking leave me I me live at the
same time and I did not die I spawn and
I didn't die
Oh
what did you see that did you see that
the good neighbor right through his
fucking body it did absolutely no damage
my fucking excellent
come on in diet it was like four fucking
grenades on his body and everyone hit
the store here's our core where's the
arrow for our lore
again grenade went straight through his
fucking body you saw that how does it
Renee go through a body I'd love to know
a Charlotte experiment in real life
launching live grenades of people's you
think a pastor a body
their bitch survived that
look at you good what is it with these
people with the plasma sword it's like
when they attack they're invincible what
the fuck
I guess so you want tie game a lot of
tight games on this game on it notice
that